Allow ranges for any browser version (#19014)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/compat-data-schema.md

### Ranged versions

> Ranged versions are allowed as it is sometimes impractical to find out in which early version of a browser a feature shipped. Ranged versions should be used sparingly and only when it is impossible to find out the version number a feature initially shipped in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ranged versions are allowed as it is sometimes impractical to find out in which early version of a browser a feature shipped. Ranged versions should be used sparingly and only when an excessive amount of work if needed to find out the version number a feature initially shipped in.
```
